---
layout: post
title: Current Projects
---

So I started this in January and then got completely swept up in the year.  Let's try and get on track to blog more in the last quarter.  I was doing pretty well through January and February but March got bogged down and the blog got blasted to other things.  

Recently I've been working on a few small projects to try and get some technical time in.

Android App
-----------

I built a simple proof of concept Android App for a project Thinkering was looking to get started on.  It took advantage of the Google Location services to track the user and then would submit that data as JSON to a server.

iOS App
-------

Trying to get some Swift practice in I wrote a simple app to take advantage of the NIST data set.  This was really more Swift/iOS practice than an attempt to get something serious don. 

AWS Infrastructure
------------------

We use AWS for a bunch of hosting at work, but I wanted to try and play with some of the new features.  I tried out using AWS Lambda and the API gateway to host a bot for HipChat.  Ran into problems where the Hipchat webhooks would not talk to the Gateway server.  Without any detailed logs from HipChat, that fell off the table.  Instead I ended up using

Go
--
I've been hearing good things of Go of late, so wanted to give it a try.  Nothing fancy, just started with some sample code provided by the kind folks at Atlassian.  Wrote a simple HipChat bot that works with Jenkins to deploy code in our environment.  Still tweaking the scripts a bit, but looks like it could work.

As an aside I decided to try and it make it easily managed and installable.  I went old school and built a .deb file for the bot.  It installed nicely.  I may need to try this combination again sometime soon.  

I'm having fun with bots at the moment so I plan to write a few more and see what I can do to make them both more useful and interesting.




