---
layout: post
title: 1Q 2016
---
#Projects
I've been busy, but haven't been posting a lot of material here.  Better than last year, but let's see if we can do better here in 2Q.  This quarter I've beend working on a mix of projects.  I started working on a revision of Library List.  It was going strong through January then disappeared under a storm of other work in Feb and March.  I'm starting to look at it again and hope to get it out this quarter.

Part of the work has been reworking the code that used to live in Google App Engine. I still need to work on file uploads and downloads.  Parsing CSV in swift and working out how (if there is a way) to get the old Objective-C save files working again.

I started working in [Go](https://golang.org). I had started a bit last year working modifiying a HipChat bot but this year I wrote a new admin application for work as a side project that provides a command-line tool and web api. I need to write more tests and I'd like to get a slack bot working as well, but it scratches my current itch.

I've got a bunch of Raspberry Pi's that I'm using to build out a bunch of different projects.  I hope to have the Alexa example provided by Amazon working in the next day or so.  I would like to start doing some Alexa related projects.


#Other news
This month I am honored to be a Judge for [Steel City Code Fest](http://www.steelcitycodefest.com) on April 9th.  SCCF is a great event that provides local nonprofits to access to great developers, designers and entrepreneurs.  Looking forward to see what they've built this year!